ROX-29160: Document new default policy that verifies Red Hat images are signed (#97894)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/high-sev-security-policies.adoc

|Build or Deploy |Fixable Severity at least Important |Alerts when deployments with fixable vulnerabilities have a severity rating of at least Important. |Enabled
|Build or Deploy |Rapid Reset: Denial of Service Vulnerability in HTTP/2 Protocol |Alerts on deployments with images containing components that are susceptible to a Denial of Service (DoS) vulnerability for HTTP/2 servers. This addresses a flaw in the handling of multiplexed streams in HTTP/2. A client can rapidly create a request and immediately reset them, which creates extra work for the server while avoiding hitting any server-side limits, resulting in a denial of service attack. To use this policy, consider cloning the policy and adding the `Fixable` policy criteria before enabling it. |Disabled
|Build or Deploy |Secure Shell (ssh) Port Exposed in Image |Alerts when deployments expose port 22, which is commonly reserved for SSH access. |Enabled

> |Build or Deploy |Red Hat Images must be signed by the Red Hat Release Key |Alerts when Red Hat images (those from registries "registry.redhat.io", "registry.access.redhat.com", and those in the "openshift-release-dev/ocp-release" and "openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev" remotes of "quay.io" are not signed by Red Hat's link:https://access.redhat.com/security/team/key)[Red Hat's product signing key "Release Key 3"]. |Disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Build or Deploy 
|Red{nbsp}Hat Images must be signed by the Red{nbsp}Hat Release Key 
a|Alerts when a Red{nbsp}Hat image isn't signed by the official link:https://access.redhat.com/security/team/key)[Red{nbsp}Hat product signing key, "Release Key 3"]. These alerts apply to images from the following registries and remotes:
* `registry.redhat.io`
* `registry.access.redhat.com`
* `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release`
* `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev`  
|Disabled
```
